hey movie lovers i'm your host patrick
and this time
we're going to be covering a 2017
indonesian horror film called
the third eye as the movie begins in
where alia and abel live with their
parents aliyah goes out to the yard of
her house one day to take her little
sister abel back inside the house
outside she sees abel staring at the
huge tree in their garden
when alya asks her what's wrong abel
tells her that someone is there
and is talking to her alya looks around
the tree and tells
abel that there's no one there abel asks
her sister if she believes her
but alia tells her that she's done this
many times and she's just imagining
people
that night abel's mother goes to put her
to sleep she tells her to take her
headphones off which she wears
throughout the day
but abel insists on keeping them on for
if she doesn't
she wouldn't hear other things later
alia sees an abnormal walking figure
going towards evil's room
she goes to her room to check but the
strange looking man with a cut and
bruised face
appears at the door before the doors
closed abel starts to scream inside and
the whole family reach abel's door
and pushes it open abel is sitting on
her bed
petrified with numerous scratches on her
limbs but
no one else can be seen in the room the
family concludes that the burglar had
come into their house
and reported to the police years later
in 2017
alia is sitting at the cafe when the
waiter brings her a cup of coffee
sent by someone she looks over in the
direction the waiter points
and sees her boyfriend davin who comes
to her and they start laughing and
talking
alia is informed about the death of her
parents in a car accident
and immediately goes back to the place
her parents and little sister abel were
living
she's then told that they cannot live in
that house anymore
because the house is given to the
company's employees during their time at
the company
since her dad has died they no longer
have rights of the house
and would have to move alia decides to
take her sister to their childhood house
and her boyfriend davin
also decides to stay with them abel is
hesitant to go back to the house
and objects to the decision she tells
alya that something was there in their
childhood house with them
and she's too scared to go back there
alia again
tries to convince her sister that she's
imagining these things and the only
person in their house was a burglar
who has long left the house when the
three reach the house
alia starts to show davin around while
abel is alone in her parents room
her spirit attacks her but she runs out
and closes the door behind her
after that abel knocks herself in her
room and refuses to come out
later at night after davin and alia go
to sleep
abel goes downstairs to the kitchen to
get some food as she ascends the stairs
the same man she saw in the house ages
ago is seen following her up the stairs
upon reaching the top she stops and
looks down to find that man holding both
her legs
davin and alia wake up to her screams
and rush to her room to find her on her
bed
covered with her blanket when they ask
what happened to her
she tells them that the man is following
them and will not let them live in the
house alya tells her that she is
hallucinating
and alia will take her to the
psychiatrist and she will stop getting
scared like this
she tells her they will not go to a
different psychiatrist now
since the one their mother took able to
hasn't been able to help much
able tells her mother that she never
took her to a psychiatrist
instead she took her to a medium called
bull window
as abel can see the dead ali then goes
to buu window with her sister
the medium tells them about the third
eye she says it's the ability to see and
feel the other world
according to her everyone has a third
eye but whether it opens or not and the
time it opens varies from person to
person
abel's third eye has been open since she
was five thus she has been able to come
in contact
with the other world since then not
being able to believe anything the
medium says
alia asks her if it's possible to open
the third eye by force
when the medium tells her it is she asks
her to open her third eye
if nothing appears to be different after
the opening of said eye
she will take able to a psychiatrist the
medium then recites an incantation with
alia sitting in front of her with the
blindfold on
and her hands over her chest after the
completion of the ritual
alya takes a walk around the room and
declares that nothing has changed for
her
she then takes abel by the arm and walks
out of the medium's place
saying she will take her to a
psychiatrist soon a while after
returning home
the heaven leaves for his hometown to
meet the sick father
alia notices bruises on her arm and her
head starts to feel heavy
she goes to the doctor for a medical
checkup while sitting in the waiting
area
she sees a nurse pulling a wheelchair
with a bruised girl in it
the nurse leaves the wheelchair in the
waiting area and goes behind the counter
the girl asks why anya is in the
hospital aliya tells her about her
headache
and the girl tasha then tells her why
she's there
she says that she was abused by her
father hence the bruises
she then requests alia to tell her
mother that she still loves her father
alia then goes inside for the medical
checkup the doctor tells her that she is
fine and prescribes her vitamins to get
over her weakness
after coming back out of the waiting
area she finds the wheelchair of the
girl empty she then goes to the lady
whom the girl had told her was her
mother
she asked if she's tasha's mother and
the woman tells her she
is alia conveys her daughter's message
to her but receives a very shocking
reply
the woman tells her that their daughter
has died earlier that morning and
couldn't have said that
confused alya goes to the nurse and asks
her where the little girl she brought
went
but the nurse tells her that she was
alone in the waiting area all this time
alarmed alia rushes to the restroom
unable to believe what just happened to
her
she finds one of the bathrooms occupied
and slowly lowers her head down to
observe the feet of the person inside
to her horror the person has gashed and
cut feet
she falls back screaming and sees the
ghost's head appear through the door
in fear she runs out of the bathroom and
sits in a chair
there she sees a ghostly spirit again
who turns his head backwards to reveal
his bloody face
terrified she runs in an attempt to get
out of the hospital
in the elevator she again feels a
presence and gets more impatient to get
out of the place
when she reaches her house she hugs abel
and tells her what she saw
abel tells her that some spirits merely
come to bother the humans
but the others need their help with some
unfinished business in this world
that night aliya sleeps in abel's room
due to the fear of the spirits
abel offers her the headphone she uses
to block out the voices of the spirits
but alia refuses them
saying evil should wear them later that
night alya hears the door being banged
on violently
she gets up and goes downstairs to check
alia then goes to the kitchen after
hearing some noises coming from it
inside she is completely shocked to see
a flying knife cutting the vegetables
she looks at the mirror beside the
kitchen counter and sees the reflection
of a woman's spirit who's chopping the
veg
alya runs and hides behind the curtain
she then realizes that the whole family
consisting of a father
mother and a son live in their house the
family disappears from her living room
after that
alya gathers up her courage and steps
out starting to ask what the spirits
need
she hears a voice saying house and look
down at her feet to see that all three
of the spirits
have grabbed her legs they all then
start pulling her away
able who had not been able to hear her
sister's screams due to her headphones
notices that her sister is missing after
getting up to use the bathroom
she then goes outside to look for her
sister she then sees someone standing in
front of her
covered by a sheet from the song this
figure is singing it becomes clear that
it's the spirit of the ghost family son
after singing the song but she escapes
him and then finds her sister sitting
crouched down inside a cupboard
when alya sees her she hugs her tight
the next day
the sisters and davin go to the medium's
house the medium tells them that by
house
the spirit could mean their bodies or
the property the spirits will possess
their bodies to finish their business in
the human world
but then even after their business has
finished the spirits will take them away
to their world
devin asks the medium if the dead can
see each other she tells him that some
can
well the others cannot those who can't
see other dead people
often don't realize that they are dead
blue window then comes back to the house
with them all
and tries to contact the spirits but the
spirits do not communicate
with her she tells them that the spirits
only want to communicate with the
sisters
they all then sit at a table and hold
hands to communicate with the spirits
the medium and the sisters appear in a
different time in that house
who window tells them that the spirits
did not want to communicate with davin
thus he did not come with them through
this overlap of time
they learned that the ghost family used
to live in that house when they were
alive
one night a robber broke into their
house and started taking their valuables
the father saw him and got up from his
bend to stop him but the robber cut off
his leg
and killed him he then locked the mother
and son in the cupboard
where they suffocated over time and died
when they come out of this trance
bu window tells them that the spirits
want them out of the house
to get rid of them they will have to
open the portal to the other world
she tells davin to leave as all this
could be too dangerous for him
and then sets her things up for a ritual
and they all sit down in a circle
holding hands
suddenly due to a mysterious force alia
is pulled away and thrown onto the table
she finds herself back in time again in
the same cupboard
where she sees the corpses of the dead
family they suddenly come back to life
in their ghostly state and possess her
the possessed aliyah then grabs able by
the throat and starts strangling her
who window pulls her away from her but
she bites into her neck
hard as well buu window and abel then
tie up alya to the bed
and hold hands with her in an attempt to
drive the spirits out of her body
abel and buu window then find themselves
back in that time again
where the burglar is now leaving the
house he briefly pulls
his mask up at the window and is
revealed to be the family's gardener
ma aseb who's now the sister's gardener
too
when they come back to reality the bed
starts to float in the air
as the possessed alia yells in rage the
bed then falls to the ground and abel
and the medium are thrown off of it
due to the impact alya manages to free
herself breaking and dragging the bed
post
behind her she rushes out closing the
door behind her to the gardener's house
with abel and blue window on her tail
before abel and buu window are able to
warn the gardener
alia appears at his door and throws the
unexpecting gardener at his glass table
sending it crashing down with his weight
the confused and blood-covered gardener
cross away from alia
asking the reason behind this violent
attack the spirits within aya didn't
tell him who they are
we are then shown scenes from the past
through which we learned that the father
of the family was very rude and
intolerant towards the gardener
once when the gardener's wife was about
to give birth and needed money urgently
for delivery
the father refused to give the gardener
salary which left him no choice
thus in an attempt to save his wife and
his child that was on the way
the gardener decided to rob his
employers and ended up killing them in
the act
alia then slowly and painfully kills the
begging and pleading gardener with
garden scissors
abel and buu window then arrive at the
scene and hold alya
the spirits then leave alia's body and
possesses abel instead
after that abel goes into a coma and is
taken to the hospital
bu window tells alya and davin that abel
has been trapped inside the other world
and will slowly die if a living being
does not go after her to save her and
bring her back
alya decides to go in after her but the
medium tells her that she cannot go in
alone
she will need the combined energy of
someone dead someone from the other
world to be able to safely make it out
there
this confuses alya as she starts
wondering how someone dead could help
her who window tells her that her third
eye actually opened a long time ago
but she never realized it alya and her
mother knew this
but they couldn't tell her for they were
afraid she would just be as scared as
abel
and would not be able to lead a normal
life this is why she saw that scarred
man that time
when he attacked abel as his child boo
window tells her that the ritual she
performed was meant to open her third
eye completely
which was opened only halfway before
that it's then revealed to her that
davin was not a living being
but he was dead all along he had died a
while ago in an accident with a car
she cannot see the other dead people he
doesn't realize that he has died
alia had been able to see him through
her half open third eye after his death
he still lived in the world of the
living because of something he had to do
visit his sick father now he has seen
him thus his work in this world is done
and it's time for him to go where he
belongs davin is completely shocked to
hear this
and stares ahead in disbelief as a
crying aliyah hugs him
he tells them he will go with alya and
bring abel back who window tells them
that they need to keep holding hands for
their energy to be
one she further explains that abel would
be trapped in the darker part of the
spirit's world
but after they have saved her they have
to return to the brighter side
devin's spirit will go through the
brightly lit tunnel to the bright part
of the spirit world
where he belongs and alia will return to
the humans world
they both are sent by buu window to the
spirit's world inside
they see the tunnels they go to the
darker one to look for able
on their way they see numerous dark and
disturbed spirits
but they don't stop and keep looking for
abel they start to hear the ghost boys
song and realize that she must be close
and find their cage in the corner from
which they take her out abel tells them
that he actually wanted alia
not her they look in the direction she
points and sees the spirit of the
gardener
looking deranged and damaged he lunges
at alia but she moves aside
and holds davin's head due to their
energies combined this way
the spirit is not able to recognize her
as he sniffs at her
the three of them leave they go back to
the intersection of the world
the tunnels abel is then sent back into
the human world first
where she wakes up from her coma alya
and davin then hug for one last time
before alya returns to the human world
and dabin runs the brighter sign of the
spirit world
the place where he belongs a while after
this incident
aliyah and abel are seen telling buu
window about the spirit of a woman who
has a hole in her back
they say the spirit has been stalking
them they then decide to ask her if she
needs help
and leave the medium's place at able
school they again see the spirit
and attempt to communicate with her and
the screen blacks out